CDK: Overview, getting started, concepts (#504)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/concepts/bridging.md

# Bridging

> [Bridges](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/bridges/) are a fundamental component of L2s. A core feature of chains built with the CDK is **interoperability**, which allows developers to access funds from Ethereum as well as other L2s when building dApps on your chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bridges](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/bridges/) are fundamental components of L2s. A core feature of chains built with the CDK is _interoperability_, which allows developers to access funds from Ethereum as well as other L2s. This is crucial for building dApps on your chain.
```

> ## L1 <-> L2 Bridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## L1 <-> L2 bridge
```

> CDK chains come with a built-in bridge service and customizable UI that enables users to move assets (both native and ERC20 tokens) between L1 and L2 or between different L2s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDK-built chains come with a built-in bridge service and customizable UI that enables users to move assets (both native and ERC20 tokens) between L1 and L2 or between different L2s.
```

> A key benefit to building ZK-powered L2s with the CDK is that there are no challenge periods unlike [optimistic rollups](./zk-vs-optimistic.md#optimistic-rollups), meaning users can move funds from the L2 to the L1 immediately after the [aggregation](./transaction-lifecycle.md#aggregated) process is complete (i.e. a ZK proof is posted & verified).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key benefit to building ZK-powered L2s with the CDK is that there are no challenge periods, as those experienced in [optimistic rollups](./zk-vs-optimistic.md#optimistic-rollups). This means users can move funds from the L2 to the L1 as sson as the [aggregation](./transaction-lifecycle.md#aggregated) process is complete (i.e. a ZK proof is posted & verified).
```

> ## Unified Bridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unified bridge
```

> By default, chains launched using the CDK are opt-in to the AggLayer, enabling cross-chain transactions via the unified bridge. The unified bridge enables cross-chain L2 to L2 transactions to other chains that have opted-in to the [AggLayer](https://polygon.technology/blog/aggregated-blockchains-a-new-thesis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, chains launched using the CDK are opt-in to the AggLayer. The unified bridge enables cross-chain transactions amongst chains that have opted-in to the [AggLayer](https://polygon.technology/blog/aggregated-blockchains-a-new-thesis).
```

This allows developers to build unique cross-chain experiences by integrating a `bridgeAndCall` function into their smart contracts, enabling users to call smart contract functions on other L2 chains without requiring users to bridge or hold tokens on the target chain.

> ## Further Reading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Further reading
```
